Hi my name is Rachel Deon for Expert Village.
Now I'm going to put it on the fire and we're
going to start cooking. We're going to put
it on high fire and we're going to mix very
good all this sugar on the bottom. It's very
important in the beginning to mix it good
because you can see there's a lot of sugar
in the bottom. I use a wooden spoon because
it doesn't give a taste, most of the sugar
is mixed now as you can see can see actually
but some fruit is on the bottom and you have
to be very careful on a high fire if a fruit
is laying down there it might burn and might
change the whole taste of this jelly. It's
important not to let it sit there. We're going
to wait it takes about 10 minutes I think
to boil and we'll mix it so that the sugar
won't settle to the bottom and burn there.
You can't leave it to long without taking
care of it cause you don't want first of all
the sugar to burn on the bottom. The fruits
start to stick to the bottom and burn or you
don't want it to boil over. Now we got to
the boiling point because of my oven I decided
to move it to a smaller burner. But you can
just turn your burners to a lower flame. We
got it to a good temperature now and just
simmering. I want to ass to to not to cover
the pot don't cover it cause you want the
liquid to evaporate some of it of course not
all of it.